PROBLEM STATEMENT :
Write a program to implement Various string operations.

ALGORITHM :
STEP 1 : Start the program.
STEP 2 : Read the first string from the user and store it in a variable.
STEP 3 : Read the second string from the user and store it in another variable.
STEP 4 : Convert the first string into uppercase using the appropriate string function and display the result.
STEP 5 : Convert the first string into lowercase and display the result.
STEP 6 : Concatenate the first and second strings with a space between them and display the combined string.
STEP 7 : Convert the first string so that the first character becomes capitalized and display the result.
STEP 8 : Split the first string using a specified character as the separator and display the resulting list.
STEP 9 : Extract a portion of the first string using string slicing and display the substring.
STEP 10 : Replace a particular character in the first string with another character and display the modified string.
STEP 11 : Find and display the length of the second string.
STEP 12 : Search for the position of a particular character in the second string using a string searching function and display the result.
STEP 13 : Convert the second string into title case and display the output.
STEP 14 : Display the first and last characters of the first string using indexing.
STEP 15 : Count the number of occurrences of the character 'a' in the first string and display the result.
STEP 16 : Change uppercase letters to lowercase and lowercase letters to uppercase using swapcase and display the result.
STEP 17 : Ask the user to enter a word that needs to be searched in the first string.
STEP 18 : Check whether the entered word is present in the first string.
         > If present, display "Word found".
         > Otherwise, display "Word not found".
STEP 19 : Stop the program.


OUTPUT :
Enter the first string: Rafsha
Enter the second string: Jabin

Uppercase: RAFSHA
Lowercase: rafsha
Capitalized: Rafsha
Title Case: Jabin
Concatenated String: Rafsha Jabin
First three characters: Raf
Replace 'r' with 'R': Rafsha
Split string1 using 'f': ['Ra', 'sha']
Length of string1: 6
Length of string2: 5
Position of 'b' in string2: 2
Count of 'a' in string1: 2
Swapcase: rAFSHA
First character of string1: R
Last character of string1: a
After strip: Rafsha
Starts with 'a': False
Ends with 'z': False
Is alphabet: True
Is digit: False
Joined with hyphen: Rafsha-Jabin
Enter a word to search in the string: b
Word found in string 2
